right further to the video I made on
putting two-stroke oil in with the
diesel there's been nouns and comments
on that video that's what I should point
a few things out because I don't want
anyone putting the wrong stuff in now it
has to be and where's it sounded has to
be low ash these are stuff for me that
matter but it has to be low ash um if
you ain't low ash look at the more ash
might be no good it's not you want it
has to be mineral absolutely has to be
mineral that is probably the most
important thing because if it's
synthetic as pointed out in one of the
comments it won't go with diesel um it
won't you know won't bond with it won't
merge with it won't mix with it no I
mean it would just build up in the
bottom of the tank somewhere slosh about
and bought me a tank in its own little
group of oil and then one day it will
get sucked into your pump and that would
just pump pure two-stroke cord into your
engine in well I don't know whether it
will run or whether it will mess up your
injectors or what but one day it will
just pump pure to throw oil in your
engine and you don't want that so I'm
not sure about semi synthetic I don't
think that will bond either start to my
knowledge semi synthetic doesn't either
so you want 100 percent mineral oil
two-stroke oil now um I don't think
I don't know just mineral oil coming
other cars I've only ever seen in green
it might come with other colors but I've
only ever seen it in green but I don't
think the color makes a difference it
can be pink blue orange whatever I don't
care
red I've only ever seen it in green so
as far as I know it only comes in green
oh but yeah so as to be mineral and it
has to be - that's about the only two
main things about it in other - that it
would be perfect now this particular one
I am using here is kama and just a
two-stroke a mineral love s or 5 litres
and it's doing a job lovely 100%
perfectly doing the job days and I just
keep that over there I have got another
one which I did mentioned in one of my
other videos I haven't tested that one
out here so I don't know what that's
like but yeah I just wanted to point a
few things out just to make sure no one
put the wrong oil in their engines and
messed it up because I ain't never good
is it
you